Panel edit: Add feature to drag & drop spreadsheet files to the grafana datasource (#60586)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/index.md

| `authnService`                     | Use new auth service to perform authentication                                                                                                                               |
| `sessionRemoteCache`               | Enable using remote cache for user sessions                                                                                                                                  |
| `alertingBacktesting`              | Rule backtesting API for alerting                                                                                                                                            |

> | `editPanelCSVDragAndDrop`          | Enable drag and drop csv, excel files for edit panel                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `editPanelCSVDragAndDrop`          | Enables drag and drop for CSV and Excel files                                                                                                                         |
```
